>> [BACKGROUND MUSIC] And
I think many people today
don't know what to
believe anymore.
>> People are basically going
to keep on to help uncover what
really happened.
>> I felt like something
was watching me.
>> We weren't given
all the information.
We weren't told
the entire story.
>> NARRATOR: And now the host
of the nationally syndicated
"Coast to Coast AM" and Gaiam
TV bring you "Beyond Belief"
with George Noory.
>> GEORGE NOORY:
Hello, everybody.
And welcome to "Beyond Belief."
It's great to have you here.
How many of you have
been interested in trying
to find out the
history of modern man?
How he developed, and
the things that happened?
Well, what we have
for you tonight
on "Beyond Belief,"
investigative mythologist
William Henry.
William, come on.
Come on down.
>> WILLIAM HENRY:
Thank you, George.
>> NOORY: How are you?
Good to have you.
Have a seat.
>> HENRY: Thank you.
Hi, you guys.
>> NOORY: Now tell us, what is
an investigative mythologist?
>> HENRY: Well, I look at myth
and history from a symbolic
perspective.
A lot of people think
history repeats itself.
And I look for evidence
of that, thinking well,
we tend to do the same
things over and over again.
And maybe we're repeating
ancient myths and legends
today.
And in fact, I think
that's the case.
>> NOORY: I think
we probably are.
And I happen to
think and believe
that civilizations are
much older than what
we think they are.
>> HENRY: Perhaps millions
of years older than we think.
But let's just go back,
conservative, and play it
around 10,000, 12,000 years.
>> NOORY: That's
still a long time.
>> HENRY: Yeah.
>> NOORY: It really is.
How did you get
interested in all of this?
>> HENRY: I read "Holy
Blood, Holy Grail," in 1982,
the moment it came out.
I was in college.
I was going to be an
entertainment lawyer.
And that book changed my life.
And there was something in
that book, a power packet.
And of course,
it's the book that
featured Rennes-le-Chateau.
Said there was all these
mysteries about Jesus and Mary
Magdalene.
It became the basis for
"The Davinci Code," which,
of course, went on to
sell 85 million copies
and inspired a
whole lot of people
to explore the grail mysteries.
>> NOORY: You are a pretty
accomplished author, yourself,
aren't you?
>> HENRY: Thank you, yeah.
>> NOORY: What are some of
your favorite books that
you've written?
>> HENRY: Well, my most
recent one is my favorite,
"The Judgment Day Device."
Before that, "The
Secret of Zion."
People know me for
"Cloak of the Illuminati"
and "Crystal Halls
of Christ's Court."
I've written, I
think, 17 books, now.
>> NOORY: Oh, my gosh.
I'd say you're pretty prolific.
>> HENRY: Yeah.
>> NOORY: Do you think
we're in the early stages
of the apocalypse, end times?
>> HENRY: I know we are.
A lot of people thought
maybe it ended at 2012.
But actually that's
just the beginning.
>> NOORY: Probably
just started at 2012.
>> HENRY: A lot of
unfinished business.
And we're in it now.
And day to day, we're seeing
more and more evidence of that.
>> NOORY: Well, you know, we see
evidence of locusts in Egypt,
which they talk about as being
part of the 10 plagues out
there.
>> HENRY: Right.
Right.
>> NOORY: And you look at those
signs and you go, my gosh,
is this real?
It is, isn't it?
>> HENRY: Yeah.
And people thought,
well, you know,
nothing really happened on 2012.
But it sure did.
There was a huge shift.
And then, now you
have the next pope,
last pope prophecy of Malachi.
And people are really
paying attention to that.
And those are the
kinds of things
that just really
make you wonder.
>> NOORY: It's kind
of scary, isn't it?
>> HENRY: Well, it is scary,
because it forces everybody--
it's the judgment day scenario,
when your heart is weighed
against the feather
of cosmic truth.
And so people have to
look inside and say,
hey, how am I doing?
Have I lived my
life to my maximum?
Have I worked out my karma?
Have I been a good person?
How light-hearted
of a person am I?
And if you don't feel
like your light-hearted,
then now is the time to
really start working on that.
And opening up the heart chakra,
being kinder, being nicer,
and exploring mysteries.
>> NOORY: William, if somebody
has not had one of those
stellar lives, has not been
nice, probably hurt people.
What happens to them
in the other life?
>> HENRY: Lots of
different perspectives.
I'm deep into research right
now on the Native American
tradition, they
call it "the path
of souls," where they
believe the soul would
be able to jump into the Milky
Way via the gateway of Orion.
And they have
accommodation for that.
That there would be guides
that would be there waiting
for you to take you further
or to, perhaps, hold you back.
And one example is, there's
dogs that guard the gateways.
And if you've ever been
cruel to a dog in your life,
you're not getting
through the gate.
>> NOORY: I love dogs.
I've been good to them.
Now these dogs, are
they the Dobermans
with red eyes that
we see in movies.
>> HENRY: Well, yeah.
They're described as
pretty ferocious, really.
But yeah.
>> NOORY: You were one of the
first to talk about stargates.
What are stargates?
>> HENRY: Well, stargates, you
can find a stargate on three
levels.
One, it's the connection
from the heart of one sun
or star to another
star or star system.
It's also a portal, a gateway
from a star to a star system.
And it's a place on Earth where
the energy of a star or star
system saturates the soil,
making it a higher energy
place.
And then of course, as
you see in the movies,
it's literally a
portal or a gateway.
>> NOORY: Yeah, it
is that pathway.
I've long suspected
that if we're
being visited by
extraterrestrials, obviously,
they're not coming
here conventionally.
Not the way that we are
travelling right now.
I've always thought they had the
ability to bend space and time,
and go through, like
the movie "Contact"
some kind of a worm
hole or something.
>> HENRY: Absolutely.
And that's something
as many readers know,
I'm deeply interested in the
work of Zecharia Sitchin.
And he would talk about the
Anunnaki traveling the universe
in tin can spaceships.
But then he would show this
incredible artwork showing
these same God beings coming
and going through gateways.
And their artwork
clearly showed that this
was one of their
modes of travel.
At least, the most
super-advanced guys.
>> NOORY: Now is it a
gateway within our universe?
Or is it a connection
to other universes?
>> HENRY: Well, it's a
connection from the Earth
to other star systems.
And maybe even inter-dimensional
travel, as well.
And in fact, according
to the Sumerian scholars
in the Chicago
Assyrian Dictionary,
the word the nibiru,
which is the name
of the planet the Anunnaki
came from, actually
means a stargate
or crossing place.
>> NOORY: Hundreds of
people, hundreds of people,
if not thousands, disappear
off this planet every day.
They're gone.
Nobody knows where they are.
>> HENRY: Right.
>> NOORY: Is it possible
that they're walking along,
they step into one of these
portals-- you can't see them,
right?-- and they just vanish?
>> HENRY: It's a possibility.
But the thing that
I get hung up on,
in answering a question most
affirmatively about that,
is that, especially
in the ancient stories
about the stargates, whenever
they would talk about humans
going through the
gates, there was always
these really profound teachings
about human transformation.
An ordinary human couldn't go
through the gate of the gods.
They had to become more pure,
or perfect, in order to do that.
And that was kind of the
point of the gods coming here.
>> NOORY: So we don't
all have that key, do we?
>> HENRY: Well, we have it, but
we just haven't activated it.
We all have the capability
of raising ourselves
to a higher level of vibration,
or transforming ourselves
into the next level of human
that's capable of doing this.
But many of us
just choose not to.
>> NOORY: How many of
these portals are there,
do you think, on this planet?
>> HENRY: Conservatively,
there's a dozen.
Beyond that, there's
probably thousands.
I mean, because
actually, it could be,
anywhere you are could
conceivably be that portal.
Because, in fact,
the human body itself
is considered to be a
portal or a gateway.
>> NOORY: How do you learn
how to travel through one?
>> HENRY: Well, you--
first of all, you--
>> NOORY: That's
not easy, is it?
>> HENRY: No, it's not easy.
But again, the question
kind of goes back to,
what they want to know is,
how pure of a being are you?
How pure hearted are you?
Because it seems like they don't
want the riff-raff out there
in space.
And that's kind of a
bone of contention.
>> NOORY: Oh, they're stuck
here on this planet, eh?
>> HENRY: Yeah, we're here in
cosmic kindergarten until we
graduate to first grade.
And that's maybe a
bone I would have
to pick with the writers
of "Stargate," for example,
where they show them
taking a nuclear missile
through a stargate.
>> NOORY: Right.
>> HENRY: In the real world,
I don't think that's going
happen.
>> NOORY: That doesn't happen?
>> HENRY: No.
The beings that
guard these gates,
and maybe even created them,
wouldn't allow something
like that to happen.
>> NOORY: They would
shut it down right away.
>> HENRY: They would
>> NOORY: Iraq, there was some
interest in why we went there.
Obviously, we never found
weapons of mass destruction.
You believe that there's
something else there.
>> HENRY: Absolutely.
I started watching,
or following,
the story of Saddam Hussein
in the early '90s when,
after we first
went into the Gulf.
And I learned then
that Saddam believed
he was the reincarnation of the
biblical king Nebuchadnezzar.
>> NOORY: Right.
>> HENRY: Huge
figure of prophesy.
>> NOORY: He even had a
Nebuchadnezzar army, didn't he?
>> HENRY: He absolutely did.
He had paintings of
himself as Nebuchadnezzar.
And in fact, he rebuilt
Babylon in the 1980s,
to the tune of $500 million.
And had bricks that said,
to King Nebuchadnezzar
in the reign of Saddam Hussein.
So he was connecting
himself with that figure.
And so think about this.
We have a major world
figure who proclaims himself
the reincarnation
of a biblical king.
Not just any biblical kind.
>> NOORY: And believed it.
>> HENRY: And
believed it, right.
But the biblical king who looted
and leveled Solomon's Temple
in Jerusalem, was
the last known person
to have the Ark of
the Covenant, perhaps.
And he's proclaiming
himself this figure.
And this is why we
had to stop him.
And so what I started doing is
following the art newspapers
in the mid '90s.
Because remember those
UN weapons inspectors.
>> NOORY: Right.
>> HENRY: They're
going into Iraq,
presumably doing nuclear
work, and that sort of thing.
>> NOORY: Looking everywhere.
>> HENRY: Looking everywhere.
And they're coming out
with their pockets loaded
with ancient Iraqi artifacts.
>> NOORY: Ah.
>> HENRY: And selling
them on the black market.
And so I took a huge
interest in this,
because these little tiny
lipstick-sized cylinder
seals were one of the ways that
the ancient Sumerians document
their connection with the
gods, with the Anunnaki.
>> NOORY: That's what
Zecharia would study, right?
>> HENRY: Absolutely.
And they're in the museums
all around the world.
And what is in the
open literature
is just mind-boggling--
spaceship-looking things,
technology.
These are the real weapons
of mass destruction,
I'm convinced, Saddam
actually possessed,
because he was-- what
he was trying to do
was to create sort of a
Disneyland for the Anunnaki
in Baghdad.
He wanted to bring tourists
from all over the planet
to learn about our connection
with these ancient gods.
And he rolls this knowledge out
into Judeo-Christian culture.
Mm.
That's bad news.
Because it basically
says that, wait a minute,
the underpinnings of
Western civilization
are not as solid as we think.
And in fact, goes back
thousands of years before that.
And Saddam had the evidence.
And so what do we do when
we go into Baghdad in 2003?
>> NOORY: Hit the museum, right?
>> HENRY: We hit the
museum right off the bat.
Why?
Because that's where a lot of
the real goods were housed.
>> NOORY: Well, most of that
stuff, they never got back,
did they?
>> HENRY: No, they
never got it back.
And it makes you wonder,
if this is what they're
showing in the open literature,
what did Saddam actually have?
Maybe in his palaces,
all those palaces
that he had,
magnificent palaces.
And we'll probably never know.
But my guess is, it's
probably in Langley, Virginia
with the CIA.
Maybe it's out in New Mexico.
I don't know whatever
happened to it.
>> NOORY: Or some billionaire
has it in his house.
>> HENRY: Yeah.
Absolutely.
I mean, you find
that's very common.
>> NOORY: I'm convinced, and
we're going to talk soon about
the Ark of the Covenant--
somebody has it.
I think someone physically has
it as their own little museum
piece.
>> HENRY: Yeah.
I mean, it happens all the time.
I mean, these
private collections
have some astounding
pieces in them
that fill in huge
gaps in our knowledge.
And we really need it.
>> NOORY: If you had
that much money, William,
and you could buy anything
you want on this planet.
You can go anywhere that you
want to go on this planet.
The one thing you
don't have would
be these ancient relics,
the chalice of Jesus,
the Ark of the Covenant,
things like that.
And if you had
that kind of money,
you would do whatever you had
to do you spend it to get that.
>> HENRY: Well, you would do it
because it holds the promise,
the grail, the Ark
of the Covenant,
many of these artifacts,
this ancient knowledge,
is about human transformation
and immortality.
And that's why they seek it.
As soon as people
make a lot of money,
they want to live longer.
>> NOORY: Yes they do.
>> HENRY: So they can hold
their money longer and spend it.
And so that's the
key that drives
a lot of these seekers is,
not just the incredible power
from a military perspective.
I mean, FDR sought the grail.
So did Adolf Hitler.
Not for the power of love,
but for the love of power.
>> NOORY: And life.
>> HENRY: Yes.
Because they knew
they could weaponize
the true grail secrets.
It's not a cup.
>> NOORY: Oh, Hugo Chavez, the
late president of Venezuela,
apparently had $2 billion
in his bank account.
But on his deathbed, he
was begging his doctors,
don't let me die.
He didn't want to leave.
>> HENRY: Exactly.
So that's the one thing we
try to buy, is more time.
But hey, maybe when your
time's up, your time's up.
>> NOORY: When your time's
up, your time's up, indeed.
You seem like you have fun
doing what you're doing.
>> HENRY: Oh, I love it.
I mean, it's endlessly
challenging, endlessly
fascinating, never
going to know everything
but going to have fun
trying to find out.
>> NOORY: Is it
frustrating, sometimes?
>> HENRY: Yeah, it is.
Because you realize, wow!
Like when I wrote my recent
book, "The Judgment Day
Device," it was such a huge load
following these guys around,
because you just realized,
I don't have the IQ
that some of these figures had.
And to be able to piece--
>> NOORY: And if you say that,
they really must have an IQ.
>> HENRY: No, I mean,
I'm in awe, really,
of like a Moses-type of a figure
who could conceive of, or could
create like the Ark
of the Covenant,
and some of these other things.
We are talking some
major, major brains here.
And that was part
of the challenge,
but it's also the fun of
following them around,
is just to try to get a
little closer to them.
Maybe something will rub off.
>> NOORY: Exactly.
We're going to take some
questions for William Henry.
Who's got one for us, as we
talk about ancient times?
Go ahead.
>> AUDIENCE: Do you believe
that the average American is
prepared for the fundamental
change in their belief system
that this knowledge
would bring about?
>> HENRY: I think
the average American,
especially if you're thinking
the average American is someone
who has maybe had a little
bit of Sunday school,
a little bit of history,
largely would be unprepared,
but could quickly be
brought up to speed,
because everybody has
an innate curiosity.
And that's what this
is ultimately feeding.
And so I think that
it would certainly
be challenging to
their belief system.
But then, once you
really dig in to many
of the religious traditions,
be it Judaism, Christianity,
or Islam, you find that
they're deeply mystical, deeply
connected with star beings,
or beings from other realms.
And with a little bit
of prompting and maybe
some research, they would
say, well, wait a minute.
Maybe there is a
broader universe
than I've thought of before.
>> NOORY: Do you think
governments, William,
would suppress
information from people
because they're concerned?
>> HENRY: Oh, yeah.
They've undoubtedly
suppressed it for a long time,
because it's a control factor.
I mean, they've
actually done studies
on this, and thinking
that they would completely
lose control of civilization
if some of this information
is widely known.
>> NOORY: OK another question
for William Henry, here.
Yes.
Right over here.
>> AUDIENCE: We here in the West
and Southwest see more Mexican
and Latin American artwork
than we do European artwork.
So I was wondering if you've
done much research into that?
Because of things
like the paintings
of the Virgin of Guadalupe,
that we see so often,
things like that.
>> HENRY: That's
one of my favorites,
where the mother Mary is in
her star cloak with the rainbow
around her.
This is what they call the light
body, or the robe of light,
or the rainbow body.
And so she's a prime
exemplar of, perhaps,
evidence of a figure
who's achieved
the next level of human
evolution, light body, rainbow
body, and has the
ability to bi-locate,
can instantly manifest or
spontaneously manifest.
So she's a wonderful example.
And I'm hugely
interested, right now,
in many of the Native
American legends.
Some of the Western
legends and even
into the Eastern United
States, are fascinating.
And what I'm discovering
is how deeply
they correlate with some of the
European traditions, as well.
So it seems to me,
there's one global story,
at one point, that has sort
of-- like a broken mirror.
There's little shards
all over the place.
When you piece
them all together,
it's going to ultimately
reveal the complete story.
>> NOORY: Isn't it incredible
how all these ancient cultures
all had similarities?
>> HENRY: Yeah.
And so that points
to the idea, there
must have been an
original source.
>> NOORY: Somewhere.
>> HENRY: Somewhere.
The global flood myth is
the penultimate example.
>> NOORY: And it
communicated with everything.
>> HENRY: Yeah, it's everywhere.
So something had to have
happened at some point,
and all of these cultures have
a slight variation on the story,
but it's essentially the same.
>> NOORY: Another question
with William Henry?
Yes ma'am.
>> AUDIENCE: William, would
you describe for us what is
referred to in the literature
as the underground stream?
>> HENRY: The
underground stream.
>> NOORY: What is that?
>> HENRY: Yeah, when you're
talking, and you go subrosa.
It's beneath the surface.
It's something often that's
hidden, but is kind of it
weaves its way through
all the traditions.
>> NOORY: It's not
a stream of water?
It's more--
>> HENRY: No, it's a
stream of consciousness,
a stream of thought,
stream of knowledge.
>> NOORY: And if you're in
that stream, what happens?
>> HENRY: You're bathed in
the wisdom of all those world
sacred traditions.
And you're on the
path into, ultimately,
the great cosmic ocean.
>> NOORY: Isn't it amazing how
so many of these things are out
there, and everybody
is aware of this.
And it seems to be growing.
>> HENRY: Oh, it is.
This is part of the New
Consciousness, this new energy.
Maybe it's because
of our alignment
with the center of
the galaxy, maybe
it's the sun going
into an active phase.
It could be it's just time
for this knowledge to rise up.
Maybe there's
something in our DNA.
There's lots of
explanations for it,
but it's happening
all over the place.
And I really trust that this
is the right next step for us.
>> NOORY: Another question
for William Henry, here,
on "Beyond Belief."
Who's got one?
Yes, sir, way in the corner.
>> AUDIENCE: OK.
There are two ultimate
questions that I have.
Where did we come from?
And where are we
going after death?
Because, me and my wife had
this discussion on our way here.
>> NOORY: The questions all of
us would love to have an answer
for.
>> HENRY: Yeah, where
did we come from?
And where do we go after death?
Well, we come from the source.
I localize it to the center
of the Milky Way galaxy,
because so many Shamanic
traditions teach us
that that's where we came from.
So that's a good possibility.
But then, there's 450 plus
billion galaxies out there.
So there must be some other
greater cosmic source.
And that's the same place
we return, after death.
And again, the Native Americans
call this "the path of souls."
That's the name they
have for the Milky Way.
And their belief is
that, after death,
if we've lived a righteous,
upright, ideal life,
that we will jump
through Orion's gate
and find our way going past
the star system Cygnus,
all the way to the center
the Milky Way galaxy.
>> NOORY: And this-- this
is everywhere, isn't it?
>> HENRY: It's everywhere.
Yeah.
It's a global tradition
that we have this ability
to travel these stargates.
And we won't go in
this form, by the way.
We will be in a different form.
So many traditions--
>> NOORY: Stardust.
>> HENRY: Star, well,
divine sparks, yeah.
That's how they describe us.
We literally are
stardust, and we all
have a spark of the creator.
And we will ultimately manifest
this body to explore Earth
and to work out karmas,
an exploration device.
The body is an energy
harvesting device.
It gathers information.
It's a transportation
system for our divine spark.
And then, if we do
it right, we learn
how to spin the body
into a vortex of energy
they call the rainbow body.
And we now we can open
stargate and worm holes,
and navigate and
travel the universe.
>> NOORY: If we do it right.
>> HENRY: Yeah.
And that's the natural process.
I mean, we're all kind
of like in a pupal phase
in the human body.
And we identify ourselves
with the pupal phase,
and very seldom do
we connect ourselves
with our next level
of evolution, which
we metaphorically refer
to as the butterfly.
And the reason why is,
because, I think, it's fear.
We're all sort of like
the two caterpillars
I saw once looking up
at the butterfly saying,
you'll never get me up
in one of those things.
So when people
talk about, oh, you
have the ability of becoming
a Christ-like being,
or achieving the rainbow
body, the resurrection
body, the glory body,
the body of bliss.
There's all these names,
every world tradition
has a name and a
teaching about how
we become the next human,
the next level of human.
But nobody really
subscribes to it.
Instead we identify ourselves
with our pupal phase.
And that's a good pun,
because pupal is P-U-P-A-L.
That refers to the cocoon.
But we're also
pupils-- P-U-P-I-Ls.
And we're trying
to become masters.
And that's, to me,
that's the point of life.
>> NOORY: Have we lost
knowledge over the ages?
>> HENRY: We've lost a
tremendous amount of knowledge.
I mean, it's almost
incalculable what we've lost.
But I feel like it's in us.
It's hard-wired into our DNA.
And every one of us
has the capability
of activating that knowledge
and using it to their benefit,
as well as the
benefit of the world.
And in fact, we all have a
responsibility to do that.
>> NOORY: William, let's talk
a little bit about the Ark
of the Covenant.
>> HENRY: OK.
>> NOORY: And I want to ask you
about the parting of the Red
Sea, and how these
things happened.
The Red Sea, the Egyptians
are chasing the Israelites.
Moses parts the Red
Sea, he stands up.
>> HENRY: He's got his staff.
>> NOORY: And we've all
seen the movie, right?
"The Greatest Story Ever Told."
It opens up.
The Israelites are
running across.
Why it wasn't
soggy is beyond me.
But then come the Egyptians,
and it closes in on all them.
Something happened there.
They're beginning to find
ancient Egyptian artifacts,
wheels, and things
like that, right
in the middle of the Red Sea.
>> HENRY: Right.
>> NOORY: What the
heck happened, and how?
>> HENRY: Yeah, well.
I don't know if we'll
ever know the answer.
I mean, you have to
remember, biblical stories,
like all myth and
sacred tradition,
you can interpret
them on at least six
or seven different levels.
>> NOORY: Are they based
on natural events that have
happened?
>> HENRY: I think they are.
I mean, something
had to have happened.
There had to have been a
literal event that became--
>> NOORY: Could have
been an earthquake,
could have been anything, right?
>> HENRY: Possibly.
I mean, when he parched
the Sea of Reeds,
it could also have been an
inter-dimensional event,
as well.
Because Moses was such
a powerful shaman.
And the Israelites
were undoubtedly
connecting with the
Promised Land, which
is what the ancient
Egyptians referred
to as the Sea of Reeds,
or the Reed Place.
When they referred
to that, they were
talking about the
afterlife realm.
They were talking about
another dimension.
And so since Moses was
trained in all the wisdom
of the Egyptians,
that story could well
be interpreted as an
inter-dimensional event,
or as an afterlife event.
>> NOORY: So you believe,
though, the sea did part.
Something happened there, right?
>> HENRY: Some kind
of a sea parted.
Maybe even it's the
veil that separates us
from life from the afterlife.
So yeah, something
definitely happened.
>> NOORY: Ark of the
Covenant, what is that?
>> HENRY: Mm, good question.
It's a complicated
question, as well.
Of course, it was made by Moses
at the base of Mount Sinai.
It's made by a master craftsman
named Bezalel, who created it
as a copy of the
heavenly original.
>> NOORY: OK.
>> HENRY: So right of the bat,
we know there's at least two
Arks of the Covenant.
>> NOORY: And where
was the original?
>> HENRY: The original is in
heaven, in a place called Zion.
>> NOORY: Always was?
>> HENRY: Presumably.
>> NOORY: OK.
>> HENRY: And so we have the
earthly Ark made as a copy
of the heavenly original.
And it's described
as a golden box that
was created to house the Ten
Commandments, the rod of Aaron,
the flask of manna, and a
cruse of this sacred oil.
So I call it the kit.
It's a kit of tools that
were used by the Israelites.
>> NOORY: How big was it?
>> HENRY: Uh, It's about
this wide, or this long,
by about this wide.
>> NOORY: Heavy?
>> HENRY: Well,
it's made of gold.
>> NOORY: That's a lot of gold.
>> HENRY: Well, or actually,
acacia wood lined with gold.
With a mercy seat on top
of it, that some think
could have weighed
as much as a ton.
The estimates vary.
So yeah, it would
have been quite heavy.
>> NOORY: And people
had to carry this thing.
You would put sticks
through it, or something?
>> HENRY: There were
golden rings on the side,
and they carried it on rods.
And so the idea is that this is
some sort of a communications
device, or maybe
even a tool kit.
But when you really get
into the Ark research,
and when you read what the
Bible says about the Ark,
you learn that it's also
the throne of Yahweh.
That this is not just
a communications tool,
but it's actually some sort
of like a portal through which
the Old Testament God
Yahweh would manifest.
>> NOORY: If you open
it up, or something?
>> HENRY: Well, he would
speak between the wings
of the cherubim.
There were two angels
called cherubim,
or something, seraphim, that
were on top of the mercy seat.
And Yahweh would manifest
between these two angels,
almost like a hologram.
Because when they
describe him manifesting,
it's a rainbow cloud with
lightning and a humanoid form
is sitting on this throne.
And it's like,
well, wait a minute,
this is what we,
today, call a stargate.
It's like a docking station.
There's one of these in heaven
and one of these on Earth.
And for whatever reason,
when these beings
want to travel back and
forth between the two realms,
they're using the
Ark of the Covenant
as this transportation device.
>> NOORY: They say if
somebody touched it,
they could get
electrocuted, basically.
What do you think?
>> HENRY: That's
one of the stories.
And that, again, gets
back to this idea
that, if you're not prepared
mentally, physically,
spiritually, and emotionally
to handle it, yeah.
It's going to be a
bad hair day for you.
But if you are prepared, when
this thing was ultimately
taken to the Holy of
Holies of Solomon's Temple
atop mystic Mount
Mariah in Jerusalem.
They build Solomon's Temple and
this golden cube shaped room.
And they put the Ark in there.
This thing would fill up with
this-- the room would fill up
with this rainbow smokey
kind of energy and lightning.
And the high priest could
even sit on that throne,
and had the opportunity
himself to travel
from Earth to the Heavenly Zion.
>> NOORY: The Ten Commandments
were supposed to be in the Ark
of the Covenant.
>> HENRY: The
Tablets of the Law.
>> NOORY: Where are they?
Now that's all speculation.
But if they existed,
they've got to be somewhere.
>> HENRY: Well, yeah.
And again, are we
talking about-- are
we asking the question
from a literal perspective,
historical, metaphorical,
allegorical, anatomical,
astronomical?
Yeah.
Let's take the anatomical.
That's my favorite.
Because I try to
put it in the body.
Because all of these stories
ultimately reflect our body.
You're talking about
the Ark of the Covenant
as a tool kit that has, the
ark is a box or platform.
There's a rod of enlightenment
in it, two tablets,
and some oil and some manna.
Well, our body has what's
called the chakra system,
the seven chakras.
We count them from the
base of our root chakra.
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, all
children go to heaven.
So you open up the
chakras, you can
connect with the
heavenly realms.
Well, in this perspective,
the Ark of the Covenant
is our lower three chakras.
The rod of enlightenment,
that's our spinal cord.
The two tablets, those are the
two hemispheres of our brain.
What does our brain do?
It produces this
sacred oil that can
transmute our body into light.
>> NOORY: It sounds
symbolic, doesn't it?
>> HENRY: Well, it's
not just symbolic.
It's an actual esoteric
or mystery school teaching
about what the body
can actually do.
And that's what
gets it so exciting.
And that, to me, is
like-- that-- the church
wants you to think of it
as a simple golden box.
We're going to get the Ark of
the Covenant, it's in Ethiopia.
No, it's not.
>> NOORY: If it exists,
and if it is somewhere--
>> HENRY: It does exist.
>> NOORY: What does that tell
you about all the stories about
the biblical stories?
Does it convince you
that everything in there
is probably accurate?
Maybe subject to interpretation.
>> HENRY: Yeah, I mean, there's
been a lot of mistranslation
and that sort of thing.
But yeah, you find the
Ark of the Covenant,
you reveal the Ark
of the Covenant,
as the president of Iran is
presently attempting to do.
And reveal it to the world.
It completely
alters our reality.
And so that's a really
important question.
>> NOORY: Tell me about
the Judgment Day Device.
>> HENRY: All three of the
world's great spiritual
traditions, Judaism,
Christianity and Islam,
refer to a Judgment Day.
A time when a Christ, a Messiah,
or as the Islamic people
refer to it, this figure
is the Mahdi will appear.
>> NOORY: Somebody's
coming back.
>> HENRY: All three of them are
symbolized by the same device.
And the word device means a
tool, appliance, as well as
a sign and a symbol.
That device is the
Ark of the Covenant.
>> NOORY: Ah!
>> HENRY: All three have
prophecies about the appearance
of a messianic figure who will
recover and reveal the Ark
of the Covenant.
And I call it the
Judgment Day Device
because our traditional
conception of the Ark
is way incomplete.
I mean, I often
wonder, really, I mean,
there's been some
wonderful books
about the Ark of the
Covenant, but they just
haven't brought all of
its pieces together.
And when you do,
you realize, you're
dealing with an extraordinary
supernatural device.
And the insiders in the
world's great religions
have to know this.
And those who seek
it-- Saddam Hussein
sought the Ark of the Covenant.
>> NOORY: Did he know
where it was, do you think?
>> HENRY: I think he might have
been one of the closest to know
where the Ark was.
I mean, again,
believing himself to be
the reincarnation of
Nebuchadnezzar, who once
possessed it, he was obsessed
with finding these artifacts.
And it's possible.
But the Bible says God took
the Ark of the Covenant.
Islam, their
prophecy says angels
will return the Ark of
the Covenant to Earth.
The Ark of the Covenant
is not on Earth.
>> NOORY: It's been taken away.
>> HENRY: It's been
taken off the planet.
And if it returns as a
physical device-- I mean,
I'm firmly convinced it has
an anatomical correspondence
within our bodies.
But if we're talking about
an actual device which,
come to think of it, is
about the same dimensions
as your desk, here,
now that I look at it.
>> NOORY: Maybe I have it.
>> HENRY: Yeah, right.
The Bible is clear, the
Ark is not on Earth.
And the artwork that
I've collected and show
in "The Judgment Day Device"
shows that it, in fact,
is in another celestial realm--
maybe another dimension, maybe
the galactic center.
Who knows?
>> NOORY: Why is the quest
for the Ark so important?
>> HENRY: Well, because it
represents our connection with
God.
I mean, it represents the
ultimate secrets of mankind.
And especially, it's the
ultimate power object, as well.
>> NOORY: If you have it?
>> HENRY: If you had it, yeah.
You would know the
secrets of universe,
because when Bezalel,
this master craftsman,
made the Ark-- Moses didn't make
the Ark it was this craftsman.
>> NOORY: Right.
>> HENRY: And God-- our current
word is downloaded to him
the wisdom of the Holy Spirit.
>> NOORY: How to make it.
>> HENRY: Yeah.
So why would God download
all the sacred wisdom
of the universe to
a master craftsman
if he's making a
simple golden box?
>> NOORY: Right.
>> HENRY: He wouldn't.
We're talking about--
what that tells
us is that the Ark is something
far more profound than we have
heretofore, perhaps, realized.
>> NOORY: Weren't the Nazis
obsessed with trying to find
the Ark of the Covenant?
>> HENRY: They were.
As well as the
holy grail and many
of these other mystic
objects, because they knew
they could weaponize
these secrets.
>> NOORY: That's
what they wanted?
>> HENRY: Exactly.
>> NOORY: Frightening.
>> HENRY: It is frightening.
It is.
And so, if it gets
in the wrong hands,
it might not be such
a good scenario.
But if you subscribe to
this idea, as does Islam
and as does Christianity,
that it's protected by angels,
then we're hoping
that they aren't
bad angels that
are protecting it.
>> NOORY: Oh, well, that's true.
Let's talk a little
bit about these angels.
What do you think
they really are?
Are they mystical?
Are they a form of energy?
And I think everybody has had
an angelic experience, where
somebody has saved them.
>> HENRY: Right.
>> NOORY: Perhaps their guardian
angel has plucked them out
of some demise.
>> HENRY: Yeah.
>> NOORY: What do
you think they are?
>> HENRY: I believe that
they're nonphysical,
they're energy beings.
And they might even be us.
They might even be humans.
The book of Hebrews takes
you to Christ's throne,
his heavenly throne,
the heavenly Zion,
where you're greeted by angels.
And just humans made perfect.
Well, who are these people?
How did they get to go dwell
in this heavenly realm?
What made them "perfect?"
Well, what made them perfect is
they transformed the human body
into its next
level of evolution,
a nonphysical light body form.
And all the mystery
school teachings
tell us that, hey, you can, too.
>> NOORY: I love to equate
mysticism with Hollywood.
And the movie "City of
Angels" with Nicolas Cage
is so knowing,
that basically when
you look at these angels having
personalities of human beings.
They get upset.
They get happy.
They get greedy,
and everything else.
>> HENRY: Right
>> NOORY: Do you
think that's real?
>> HENRY: I do.
I think that when you're
talking about the Watchers
and the Nephilim of
the Old Testament,
you're talking about
nonphysical beings that
have the capability
of taking physicality.
That's extraordinary.
>> NOORY: It is.
It's huge.
>> HENRY: Yeah.
And then they can phase back
into their nonphysical being.
And that's something,
again, all of us
are alleged to be able to do.
>> NOORY: Do you think that
world came before the physical
world?
>> HENRY: I don't
know about that.
I can't say that, for sure.
I mean, it's a possibility.
But I think that they are kind
of-- they're here to guide us,
and they're here to bring
us into their tribe.
Because that would then
be our next natural state,
traveling the cosmos as
these nonphysical beings
that have the ability
to take physicality.
>> NOORY: When they talk
about fallen angels,
what does that mean to you?
>> HENRY: Well, these
are the beings that were
the nonphysical beings that took
on physical bodies on earth,
and had children, offspring
with Earth females.
Those are the fallen angels.
>> NOORY: So we could
be related to them?
>> HENRY: Absolutely.
Yeah, definitely.
>> NOORY: When you talk
about Rennes-le-Chateau,
it's in France.
>> HENRY: Yes.
>> NOORY: What's so special
about that structure?
>> HENRY: Well.
>> NOORY: What's there?
>> HENRY: A lot
of mystery there.
There's a lot of layers to it.
It goes back into vastly
ancient times, even
to prehistoric times.
It seems like people
have always been
going to this little
dot of real estate.
It's spectacularly beautiful, in
the foothills of the Pyrenees.
Ruggedly primitive,
kind of country,
which really appeals to me.
I like going where there's
more sheep than people.
That's my favorite places.
And according to the local
lore and tradition and history,
it's been a repository of
ancient secrets forever.
And on top of that, there's
also the possibility
that there's a portal
there that would allow
you to travel to
other dimensions.
>> NOORY: You've been there.
>> HENRY: I've been
there many times, yes.
Going back in May.
>> NOORY: Is there a special
feeling when you go there?
>> HENRY: Yeah, it's a feeling,
there's-- it's somewhat eerie,
in a sense.
But again, it's
spectacularly beautiful,
so it kind of gives
you a comfort level.
And you just have
a sense that you're
in one of the great power
places on the Earth, of which,
they feel like there's
around 12 of them
And Rennes-le-Chateau is
certainly one of them.
>> NOORY: Is Egypt one of them?
>> HENRY: Definitely.
The Giza Plateau.
>> NOORY: William was
in Egypt some time ago,
during the Arab spring on a bus,
calling us on "Coast to Coast."
>> HENRY: Like,
get us out of here.
>> NOORY: Unbelievable
that you got out of there.
Would you go back?
>> HENRY: Yeah.
I would love to go back.
In fact, I did go
back, last February.
And hope to go back in 2014.
Yeah.
>> NOORY: Is it safe?
>> HENRY: From what I've
heard, it's perfectly safe.
Absolutely, perfectly safe.
Yes.
>> NOORY: What are
the mysteries there?
I've always been
fascinated with what
could be at the
base of the Sphinx,
as Edgar Cayce has said.
Or those pyramids, which
I still can't figure out
how they made those.
What's it like
when you're there?
>> HENRY: Oh, you just stand
in front of the pyramids
and you're in awe, absolute awe.
And personally, when I
stood there the first time,
I'm thinking, no, humans
didn't build these.
I mean, this is beyond--
>> NOORY: There's no way.
>> HENRY: Yeah.
It's just beyond.
And that's not to
take a condescending
view towards humanity
and our capability.
But you just get
the feeling that you
are in the hands
of something way
beyond anything we
can conceive there.
>> NOORY: The only way that
humans could have made those
structures is if they possessed
high technology and they were
so advanced, way beyond
where we even are today.
That's the only other way.
If it was just done by humans.
>> HENRY: You know, they had,
maybe they lived in a time
where the energy of the
planet was higher, as well.
And perhaps, we're coming
back into that time now,
that would support that
kind of consciousness
that would enable
them to conceive that
and to execute such a plan.
And that's what I really
feel we're dealing with.
Is an extraordinary
intelligence,
but that intelligence
is within us, as well.
>> NOORY: What fascinates you,
William about this work that
you do?
>> HENRY: I feel like ET
following the Reese's Pieces.
And I feel like there's
something that's guiding me.
>> NOORY: Something is there.
>> HENRY: I'm not
quite sure what it is,
but I keep following it.
And I seem to feel
like I get rewarded,
because one thing
leads to another.
It opens into another
more incredible mystery.
And so it seems like
everything I've been doing
is training for the next step.
>> NOORY: Are you getting closer
to whatever you're seeking?
>> HENRY: I feel like it.
I do.
As long as it's taking
me closer to my heart,
closer to my spirit, then I
know I'm on the right track.
If it's making me want
to be a better person,
then I know for sure
I'm on the truth path.
Because that's ultimately the
ultimate mystery teaching.
Is that it's really easy
to move forward as a being.
It's just you have
to be kind-hearted.
You have to speak the truth.
And you have to be good
to your fellow man.
>> NOORY: These stargates
that you talk about,
they go both ways.
>> HENRY: Yeah.
>> NOORY: So what comes
through these stargates?
>> HENRY: Yeah, that's-- having
never seen one open in front
of me, I can't say for sure.
But in all the stories
that I collect, be it
ancient Sumerian,
Egyptian, early Christian,
I mean Jesus, in my--
I wrote a book called
"The Secret of Zion" about Jesus
as a stargate traveling time
traveler.
Because that's what
the gnostic texts say.
I mean, they can't
be any more explicit.
He says, "I am the door."
And how many references to the
gate are there in the Bible?
Over 100.
Where these gates going?
They're going to heaven.
And so this idea of
a stargate to heaven
is not far-fetched at all.
We just change the vernacular
a little bit, and it lines
up perfectly with what they
were always trying to teach us.
>> NOORY: William, is technology
helping you get things done
a little quicker?
>> HENRY: Yes, absolutely.
I mean, having the
ability to access anything
at my fingertips is incredible.
I still rely on-- I
live in Nashville.
I have the Vanderbilt
Divinity Library,
which is like a hall of records.
So I still have my
actual physical library.
>> NOORY: It's old school,
but it still works.
>> HENRY: Yeah, exactly.
And then being able
to jump on a plane
and go take digital
photos, and all that.
>> NOORY: How
about the internet?
How does that help you?
>> HENRY: Oh, the
internet is, of course,
a great source of information.
Sometimes there's a lot of
bogus stuff out there, too.
So you really have to be
able to sift through it.
But part of it is
just the acceleration
of our consciousness, too,
that the internet has provided.
And that's a real key
aspect of this, too.
>> NOORY: Any special
surprises on the internet,
when you do your work?
>> HENRY: Constantly.
I mean, I'm always
just blown away when
I find the next
great piece of art
that I never knew was out there,
that perfectly illustrates
what I'm trying to stay.
>> NOORY: And it steers
you into another direction.
>> HENRY: Right, exactly.
>> NOORY: Could you have done
what you do 20 years ago,
without the internet?
>> HENRY: Oh, yeah.
Sure.
>> NOORY: Slower?
>> HENRY: You know, I read some
of these books from the 1800s,
you know, the print's
about this big.
And the books about that thick.
And you just wonder-- well
they did it then, they
found a way to get it done then.
But it sure is easier, today.
>> NOORY: That's amazing.
Well, you do great work.
>> HENRY: Thank you.
>> NOORY: Let's kind of take
some more questions for you.
>> HENRY: Sure.
>> NOORY: All right, who has
more questions for William
Henry?
We'll take you first.
And you in the back,
then, right after that.
>> AUDIENCE: I was just
wondering what your take is
on these light spirals that
are appearing in different
countries?
>> HENRY: Light spirals?
I haven't seen those.
>> NOORY: In Norway,
specifically.
>> HENRY: Oh the Norway spiral.
Yes of course.
>> NOORY: There was another
one found near Russia.
>> HENRY: Yeah.
Yeah.
>> NOORY: They're everywhere.
What are they?
I don't think they're
missiles that have misfired.
>> HENRY: I don't think
they're missiles, either.
In fact, you'll have to go to
my blog on williamhenry.net.
I actually, in a way,
predicted that Norway spiral,
because this guy, Lord
Christopher Monckton
had been talking about the
apotheosis of their world order
was coming.
And I said, well, wait a minute.
That word means to deify,
to transform a human
into a god being.
And he must be
talking, or trying
to use that in the context
of either George Washington
and the dome of the US
Capitol, or the transfiguration
images of Jesus that show these
purple spirals behind him as he
is manifesting is light body.
>> NOORY: Is it a message?
>> HENRY: It is a message.
And I think that when that
spiral manifested in Norway,
it was like, hey, pay attention.
I think it was a
test, personally.
>> NOORY: Truly bizarre.
>> HENRY: Yeah, truly bizarre.
And I think it was, let's just
see how they handle this one.
And what did the
"World Press" do?
Stargate Opens Over Norway.
I mean, that's what
the "World Press" said.
That wasn't me.
That was what the
"World Press" said.
I'm like, wow.
OK.
So they're getting us set up.
Maybe it could be part of that
Project Blue Beam business,
where they talk about a
holographic projection.
>> NOORY: That was created
by man, though, wasn't it?
>> HENRY: Yes, exactly.
And to me it could be playing
into this messianic sort
of scenario they talk
about, where you're
going to see this
holographic messiah manifest,
or something like that.
Incredibly fascinating.
>> NOORY: All right.
We'll go to you right behind.
>> AUDIENCE: Yes, Are these
stargates a natural phenomenon,
or were they
engineered by somebody?
And if so, whose
technology is that?
>> NOORY: Ah, where did
they come from, William?
>> HENRY: Well, there
are natural stargates.
Any kind of sacred spot is,
by definition, a stargate,
where the energy of a star or
star system saturates the soil.
>> NOORY: And is hooked
into another system.
>> HENRY: Yeah, like
the Giza Plateau.
The three pyramids
aligning with Orion.
That's a stargate.
And so if there are those
that are engineered,
then you have to
ask, well, who are
the beings that engineered them?
>> NOORY: And why?
>> HENRY: And why?
And personally, I think it
would have been the Anunnaki.
I mean, I think it goes
back deep, deep, deep
into human history with
these nonphysical beings.
And the Anunnaki,
I believe, were
beings that had the ability
to phase back and forth
between the physical
and the nonphysical.
And they're the ones that
originally brought the gateway
technology.
Remember, the place
they came from
is called the
Nebiru, which means
the stargate or crossing place.
And so then, all
of their stories,
the oldest human
stories, Inanna's descent
into the underworld.
She takes off seven power
objects, her clothing,
her shagura helmet
that makes her
go far into the universe, her
pala garment, and other objects
that she descends through
seven halls, or hulls,
to visit her sister
Ereshkigal in the kur, which
could be the core.
Maybe the galactic core, right?
That's the oldest human story.
That's called the
Ur-myth, or the monomyth.
The next oldest human story
is "The Epic of Gilgamesh."
Gilgamesh is told by a goddess
he's 2/3 divine, 1/3 human.
And if he wants to
get through the gate
to the gods, the
stargate of the gods--
which is all of our goal-- he's
to have to clean up his act.
270 is not going
to get him through.
He's going to have
to become 360.
So these are the
oldest human stories.
And what are they about?
Going through the
gate of the Anunnaki.
>> NOORY: Could they be
time traveling tunnels?
>> HENRY: Absolutely.
Without a question.
And because, I mean, I mentioned
earlier the example of Jesus
in the gnostic gospels.
He shows up in one, The
Revelation of the Magi,
and tells the three
magi, "What makes
you think this is the
first time I've been here?
I've been to the future.
I've been to the past.
I've visited many generations."
So there's no question to
me that these are stargate
traveling time travelers
we're dealing with here.
>> NOORY: Yeah, that's fun to
travel through one of those.
I want to do that.
How about some more questions?
William Henry, here.
Yes, sir.
>> AUDIENCE: OK, back to our
origin, I read Billy Meier.
>> NOORY: Billy Meier, yeah.
>> AUDIENCE: This guy,
that we, as a human race,
were created after
another human race,
with a little bit of anger,
so we can become warriors,
we can defend our race
and be able to fight.
So what's your take on that?
>> HENRY: Sometimes anger
can be a good thing.
I took a group, a tour group
to Chartres, France, one time.
>> NOORY: OK.
>> HENRY: I'm walking them
up the bell tower up there,
because there's a
spectacular view at the top.
And we're going up
this winding staircase,
and we're about, I
don't know, halfway up.
And people are
huffing and puffing
and they're really mad at me.
I mean, they're angry.
And I said, just keep
pushing, keep pushing.
>> NOORY: Because you
pushed them up there?
>> HENRY: Yeah.
Yeah.
They're angry at me
because I pushed--
>> NOORY: Where's the elevator?
>> HENRY: Yeah, right And so
we finally get up to the top,
and they see this
spectacular view.
I'm like, there you go.
That's called alchemy.
You just transmuted your anger.
And you used it to get this
ultimate view up here on top.
So anger can be--
>> NOORY: So the anger was
changed to satisfaction.
>> HENRY: Exactly.
Exactly.
And that's part of what we
have to learn how to do,
is if we have that anger
or those lower emotions,
is we have to transmute
them by focusing
on what it is that we do want.
And knowing and be motivated
by getting up to the top,
rather than by the
anger or the fear.
>> NOORY: Some people say
we're a prison planet.
That because the human
species is so angry,
that maybe we were just dumped.
We're the mishaps
of the universe.
>> HENRY: Yeah, I
don't know about--
I wouldn't go so far
as to say mishaps.
But you do get a sense that
we are in a matrix here,
we're in quarantine, we're
in cosmic kindergarten
is perhaps a softer
way of saying it.
We're here to learn something.
And again, in my view, we're
in this pupal phase here.
And we're learning to
become, metaphorically,
the butterflies, our
next level of evolution.
And this is the place where
we seemingly learn to do that.
And I'm sure this goes on
on many, many, many millions
of other planets, as well.
>> NOORY: Absolutely.
They're all probably
figuring out the same thing.
>> HENRY: Exactly.
>> NOORY: Many questions.
How about some more?
One more, William Henry?
Yes, you right back here.
>> AUDIENCE: Hi, I'm wondering
what you think is in store
for us this year, since we
have the Mahdi prophecy,
and the Malachi prophecy,
the new pope, the comet ISON.
And all these things kind
of happening all at once,
this year.
>> NOORY: A lot of events
happening on the planet,
William.
And do they all tie in together?
>> HENRY: I believe they do.
And that's not just
a conspiracy theory.
I think, I'm on the edge
of my seat, personally.
I mean she mentions
the Iran and the Mahdi,
where you've got the
president of Iran
believes that he's in
connection or communication
with the Islamic
Messiah, the Mahdi.
And he further
believes that they
can hasten the
arrival of this figure
by creating global
chaos, because that's
part of the Islamic prophecy
for the return of this figure.
Who, then, will reveal
the Ark of the Covenant,
along with his assistant, Jesus.
And then, you flip over
to the next pope business,
where you get these
Malachi prophesies
that talk about the appearance--
>> NOORY: We've one more pope.
>> HENRY: The last pope.
And he introduces the judge
dread, the dreaded judge,
who is Jesus, at
Judgment Day when
he looks at all of
our hearts and say,
hey, how are you
doing, kind of thing.
So we've got this convergence
of all of these prophesies
that are now playing out.
And you know, Ahmadinejad
is getting voted out
at the end of May.
>> NOORY: I think so.
The Ayatollah wants him out.
>> HENRY: Exactly.
And his term as Iranian
President is up.
So that suggests to me,
and he has proclaimed,
he proclaimed it at the
UN, back in September 2012,
that he is here to introduce
the Islamic Messiah, the Mahdi,
in a new age, based on
rebirth and resurrection.
And that's his purpose.
And I don't think he's
going to leave office
without taking a swing at
fulfilling that purpose.
So that tells me that the
period between now and May
could get pretty rocky.
>> NOORY: Well, and it's amazing
how they all seem to focal
toward the same point.
>> HENRY: Exactly.
>> NOORY: Every religion.
They're all talking
about the same thing.
And it all converges on
the Ark of the Covenant.
Because whether you're talking
about the Jewish Messiah,
the Christian Christ, The Second
Coming, or the Islamic Mahdi,
they're all symbolized by
the same device or symbol,
the Ark of the Covenant.
That's why I wrote "The
Judgment Day Device."
Because we got to, if Mahmoud
Ahmadinejad introduces
the Mahdi, I wouldn't
know him from Adam.
I mean we have descriptions of
what he's going to look like.
And I wouldn't know Jesus
from Adam, if I saw him,
either, chances are.
You know, I don't think any of
us really could say for sure,
that's definitely
Jesus, right there.
But they'll be symbolized
by the Ark of the Covenant.
And my thing is, if they
bring out some made in China
golden box and say, this
is the Ark of the Covenant,
then we know they're a fake.
>> NOORY: Exactly.
>> HENRY: Right.
Because the Ark of the
Covenant is not just the
made in China golden box.
It's the rod of enlightenment,
the flask of manna, the oil,
and all the other
components of this kit that
ultimately opened a portal.
And that's how these
figures would manifest.
>> NOORY: Let's take one
more question for William.
Who's got one?
There you go.
>> AUDIENCE: What do you
think would happen if a person
achieved the ability to
go through the stargate
but their body was still
here and perfectly healthy?
>> HENRY: Chances are, their
body wouldn't stay here.
The tradition--
>> NOORY: It goes with it, huh?
>> HENRY: Well, no.
>> NOORY: It doesn't?
>> HENRY: It's dissolved.
I followed the Tibetan
rainbow body tradition,
which is found in the ancient
Egyptian Star Walker tradition,
as well as many traditions
around the world speak of this.
And they tell us that
this body is designed
to be dissolved into what
they refer to as the rainbow
body, resurrection
body, or light body.
So the physical body
would be dissolved,
leaving behind only hair,
toe, and fingernails,
which have no nerves
to be transmuted.
That's what would be left.
And then, there's the
scholars that I've consulted,
and these are people
that know the Dalai Lama,
and have translated the Tibetan
texts about these teachings
and were very
interested in my work
on the ancient
Egyptian Star Walkers.
And their belief in this is
that the body is left behind
and that the new body, the
rainbow body, resurrection
body, light body, star
walker body, as I call it,
has the ability to open
stargates and worm holes.
And so, in effect,
the body itself
is the worm hole,
which is incredible.
>> NOORY: Much like Star Trek
when they are beamed aboard?
That kind of thing?
>> HENRY: Yes,
absolutely, George.
In fact, one of the many
names for this light body
is they call it the
beaming garment.
This is the term they
used in ancient Iran,
4,000 years ago,
the beaming garment.
Because when you put it on,
you beam, you radiate light.
But now that term works in
our Star Trek vernacular,
where beaming means
dematerialize the body
into information, beam
it to another location,
and then re-materialize
it in a physical form
at that other location--
the beaming garment.
>> NOORY: It's amazing, William,
how it all comes back to just
pure energy.
>> HENRY: Exactly.
And pure thought and pure love.
That's what it's all about.
And in fact, in my work, I
talk about people I know.
Well, OK, how do I achieve
this stargate body,
or this light body?
Well, you've got to imagine it.
You have to be able
to conceive it.
You have to be directly
introduced to your true nature.
You're really a butterfly
in a pupal form, here.
Then you have to believe
that you can achieve this.
And that's where a lot
of people get hung up.
>> NOORY: Absolutely.
>> HENRY: Then you live your
life with the expectation that
that's what's going to happen.
And you study, you do the
spiritual work that's required.
And so you imagine it, you
believe it, you live it.
>> NOORY: What did you
bring us here, William?
>> HENRY: Ah!
OK.
I brought a little
pyramid, here.
It goes with a story.
>> NOORY: Let me hold it up.
>> HENRY: OK.
The first time I went
to Egypt, I really
didn't know enough about
what I was doing there.
>> NOORY: You were
a little green.
>> HENRY: A little
green, total off.
We go into the great pyramid.
We have private time and
we're in the King's Chamber.
And so we decide we're going
to have a little quiet time,
meditate in the King's
Chamber, which is, basically,
near the middle of the pyramid.
And I just didn't know
really what to do.
So I slid my back against the
wall, just closed my eyes.
I'm thinking, OK,
I'm in the center
of the land masses of the
planet, one of the most
profound structures
in the world.
I just start sending out
love to my family and friends
back home.
And the next thing
I know, there's
these blue eyes just
come out of nowhere.
These-- and they're
beaming bliss at me.
And I've just got this
huge smile on my face.
And they're clearly
conscious entities.
>> NOORY: Do other
people see this?
>> HENRY: No.
Because, when we got out
of the pyramid I said, man,
did you all see those blue eyes?
And they're like, what
are you talking about?
>> NOORY: William?
>> HENRY: Yeah, right.
They were beaming bliss at me.
That's the only way
I can express it.
And so I'm like, what was that?
And I'm looking all around.
And nobody has any clue
what I'm talking about.
Finally, we get down
to the museum in Luxor,
down in Southern Egypt.
And I go into the museum there,
and here's this little pyramid,
with exactly the same
blue eye that I saw.
That with beaming bliss at me.
And it's the eye of Horus.
And I realized, wow!
I knew at that
moment that my life
was going to be-- was changed.
That I would be trying to figure
out what had happened to me.
And then I got an explanation.
I had interviewed a gentleman
named Andrew Collins, who
was a researcher on
the star system Cygnus.
And he worked with a
physicist named Wheeler,
who proposed that,
hey, if you're
some super advanced
civilization,
you're not going to send
spaceships out in the universe,
you're going to
send beams of light.
>> NOORY: It's easier.
>> HENRY: Yeah, it's easier.
You're going to send
some particles around.
You're going to
go looking around
and you're going to look
for advanced consciousness.
And you might say, oh,
you look interesting.
And you're going to enter into
that person's consciousness.
And if you like what you see,
then perhaps these particles
have the ability to open
up a portal through which
a visitor from the other side
could come into this realm.
Or someone from this realm
could go through the portal
to that star system.
And I'm absolutely
convinced that that's
what that was, that
I had experienced.
It's maybe one of
these particles
was kind of interviewing
me, taking a look around,
and the portal
didn't open that day.
But maybe another time.
>> NOORY: Is this planet unique?
>> HENRY: It is, as far
as NASA is concerned.
I mean, we're out
looking for Earth's twin.
And we're having a hard time.
>> NOORY: Yeah, we are.
Well, it's a vast universe.
>> HENRY: It's a huge universe.
And this a precious planet.
Life is precious.
We have no idea
how lucky we really
are to be in a human body,
especially at this time.
And we have to all recognize
that, about what a gift
it is just to be present at
this time, and to participate.
And that gives us a
degree of responsibility.
We all have to say, wait a
minute, maybe, at some point,
there's going to
be a judgment day
and they'll ask, well, you
know, when it was all going down
there, what did you do?
Or what if you were
the one that we sent?
As Dannion Brinkley found out
in his near-death experience.
>> NOORY: Exactly
>> HENRY: They
came back and said,
what if the Holy Spirit was off
that day, and they sent you?
What did do in your life,
or with your life, that
would be an exemplar
for generations to come?
And I try to live my life by
that code, as much as possible.
>> NOORY: Well, you do.
>> HENRY: Not in
an egotistical way,
but just to recognize
that's our--
>> NOORY: You're
an enlightened guy.
And you've been everywhere.
You were on "Ancient Aliens"
on the History Channel, right?
>> HENRY: Yep, loved that.
>> NOORY: Noted author.
The book is out,
"Judgement" is out.
And what's next for you?
>> HENRY: Well, going back to
Rennes-le-Chateau the first
of May, and working
on the path of souls.
I'm trying to, you
know, people all
want to know, what's
the afterlife like?
And how do we get there
in the best possible way?
And, well, the answer
is many of these--
>> NOORY: There's no
easy road, is there?
>> HENRY: Well, no.
Not an easy road.
But there are maps.
And that was the
surprising thing to me,
is how much of this
artwork reveals
what I refer to as soul
maps that tell us, hey,
when you're out of your body
and you're feeling lost,
look for these guides,
head towards Orion's Gate,
for example.
Look for these signs
and the symbols,
because you will be able to
then navigate the afterlife.
So I'm on that quest right now.
>> NOORY: What do you
think is on the other side?
>> HENRY: Eternity.
Continued existence
as a conscious being.
I think we just go on and on and
on forever and ever and ever.
>> NOORY: And some
people might not?
>> HENRY: I think everybody
gets an opportunity to.
>> NOORY: They get that shot?
>> HENRY: There definitely are
warnings that your soul can be
destroyed.
And that just scares me.
I mean, that's the most
frightening thought,
that you could ever have
your soul actually destroyed.
>> NOORY: Why are some people
so enlightened, so gifted,
so nice, so loving, and
other people aren't?
We see he hatred on
this planet every day.
>> HENRY: Yeah, the
cruelty is unreal.
>> NOORY: Why do we have this?
I don't understand.
>> HENRY: I think there's
probably many different
reasons.
People coming here to
work out different karma.
Or it could be the culture
they came in, the timing.
It could be a genetic problem.
There's lots of answers.
>> NOORY: I was
going to say that.
Do you think there's a genetic
reason why some people are just
plain evil?
>> HENRY: Yeah.
I do.
And that, you know, now we're
in a time where we can actually
detect that, because we can
make physical alterations
to our being while we're still
in the womb, genetically.
We're now in an age where
we can program our DNA.
So do we-- you know, what if we
had some way of sensing, hey,
this person's got a proclivity
for more evil than good?
Then what do we do?
Do you change that DNA?
Or do you just not allow
that person to be born?
I mean these are real
questions that we're
going to be coming upon
here in the coming years.
>> NOORY: William, briefly
tell us the story--
I want to wrap things up
with you going to the Capitol
Building, looking at the top
of the dome, on your back,
looking straight up.
What's the importance
of that symbolism?
>> HENRY: Well, first of all,
the US Capitol was called
the People's Temple.
They actually, in
1793, they named it
the Temple of Celestial Liberty.
And so the whole place is
modeled after a Buddhist stupa,
which means it's a vortex.
And so when you enter into
the Capitol, into the Rotunda,
you are literally entering
into a gateway, or a portal.
Because all domes are feminine.
And domes are gateways.
And so you go into the Capitol.
In the center that
the Rotunda there's
this gold dot, which
marks the center.
There's actually
an axis that runs
from the painting of George
Washington, the fresco
of George Washington, up
on the ceiling, where he's
shown in "The Apotheosis
of George Washington"
as an ascended being,
as a god being,
in front of an open
sungate, a stargate, right?
And that vertical axis
goes from the sun,
right through the gold dot in
center of the Rotunda, down
the next level.
>> NOORY: It was
designed that way.
>> HENRY: Designed that way.
All the way down into the
tomb of George Washington.
Now who's buried in
Washington's tomb?
>> NOORY: I've got
to believe, George.
>> HENRY: It's empty.
>> NOORY: What do
you mean it's empty?
>> HENRY: No, it's empty,
because he's up on the ceiling.
He's a resurrected being.
Just like Jesus' tomb is empty.
So when you're in the
middle of the Rotunda
and you've got your
head on that gold dot,
and you're looking up
into that incredible dome,
you're looking at one of
the greatest mystery school
teachings of all time.
All the ascension
teachings of the ages
come together in the
dome the US Capitol.
>> NOORY: And what's
the seeing eye mean,
that we see on
the back of money?
>> HENRY: Well, to me, that's
the All-seeing eye of God.
I mean, that's the-- it could be
even the eye of Horus, as well.
It's the eye of an advanced
spiritual consciousness.
>> NOORY: Why do they
deal in so much symbolism?
>> HENRY: Well, because
it's an easy way.
If they put it in words,
words can be disputed.
>> NOORY: Just
spell it out for us.
>> HENRY: No, you
can't spell it out,
because symbols can go subrosa.
You know, you can show
somebody a symbol and it means,
like your six petalled flower
of life there, on the Gaiam cup.
I mean, to somebody,
that's a really nice logo.
But someone who knows
what the flower of life is
can talk for days about the
ascension teaching encoded
in that symbol right there.
So the symbols can
live amongst everybody.
And some people look at them.
But then, when
you click on them,
then you have the
opportunity to advance
in the knowledge that's
encoded within it.
>> NOORY: I had a friend of mine
in high school who used to wear
a pyramid hat.
And he would go to school, and
he would be getting bad grades.
He put the pyramid
hat on his head,
and he started
acing his classes.
There's some form
of energy that comes
from this kind of a shape.
>> HENRY: I keep
this on my desk.
It's never more than
two feet away from me,
when I'm working at my desk.
>> NOORY: Yeah, I've got one
back in my LA office, too.
The same kind of thing.
>> HENRY: Yeah.
>> NOORY: Yours is
a little better.
I think I'll keep that.
Well, William, I want to wish
you the best in everything
you do.
>> HENRY: Thank
you for having me.
I appreciate it.
>> NOORY: And your many travels,
for people who want to monitor
you on your website,
where do they find you?
>> HENRY: Go to
williamhenry.net is my website.
You can read about my books
and DVDs, my blog, there.
>> NOORY: Super.
Let's hear it, William Henry.
>> HENRY: Thank you, everybody.
>> NOORY: Thank you, my friend.
Always a pleasure.
[APPLAUSE]
Ancient mythology.
Who would ever
suspect that you would
have investigative
mythologists, who scurry around
this planet looking for answers
to our many, many questions?
William Henry, he's one of them.
Thanks for watching,
"Beyond Belief."
[APPLAUSE]
[THEME MUSIC]